README.md, before:

# SOURCERS

## Knowled sources

Remove outline outline:none;
https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS/outline#result

Styling the "x" cancel search button in Webkit browsers
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20804016/editing-input-type-search-pseudo-element-button-x

Using a background-image for checkbox
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37582952/using-a-background-image-for-checkbox

Display the list when an item hover
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41801034/display-the-list-when-an-item-hover

Multiple borders
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/multiple-borders/


Getting the url parameters inside the html page
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22607150/getting-the-url-parameters-inside-the-html-page


Location search Property
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_loc_search.asp


window.location.search
https://webplatform.github.io/docs/apis/location/search/


Array.prototype.sort()
https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort


How do I split a string, breaking at a particular character?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/96428/how-do-i-split-a-string-breaking-at-a-particular-character


How to pass arguments to addEventListener listener function?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/256754/how-to-pass-arguments-to-addeventlistener-listener-function

Declaring array of objects
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15742442/declaring-array-of-objects/15742476



## Picture credits

Name:	desk-lamp-01	Description:	Two table lamps in a bedroom	Credits:	Photo by Curtis Adams from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-bedroom-3555619/

Name:	desk-lamp-02	Description:	Clear Wine Glass Beside White Table Lamp	Credits:	Photo by cottonbro from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/clear-wine-glass-beside-white-table-lamp-6716221/

Name:	floor-lamp-01	Description:	Floor lamp Beside chair and desk	Credits:	Photo by Francesca Tosolini on Unsplash	URL:	https://unsplash.com/photos/25Gx85b0r94				

Name:	floor-lamp-02	Description:	Floor Lamp Beside Sofa and Window	Credits:	Photo by Vecislavas Popa from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/floor-lamp-beside-sofa-and-window-1571471/				

Name:	wall-lamp-01	Description:	Wall lamp in a modern bright livingroom	Credits:	Photo by Max Vakhtbovych from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/interior-of-studio-with-dining-and-living-zone-near-kitchen-6238683/				

Name:	wall-lamp-02	Description:	Two wall lamps in a bedroom	Credits:	Photo by Pixabay from Pexels 	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/closed-wardrobe-near-on-bed-271643/

Name:	chand-01	Description:	Chandelier in a living room	Credits:	Photo by Houzlook .com from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/living-room-3797991/

Name:	chand-02	Description:	Chandelier and red and brown floral stair carpet	Credits:	Photo by  Pixabay  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-and-brown-floral-stair-carpet-161758/

Name:	floor-lamp-03	Description:	Bedroom interior with lamps near bed and mirror wall	Credits:	Photo by Max Vakhtbovych  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/bedroom-interior-with-lamps-near-bed-and-mirror-wall-6480210/

Name:	floor-lamp-04	Description:	Floor lamp and green sofa	Credits:	Photo by Chait Goli  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-2-seat-sofa-1918291/

Name:	chand-03	Description:	Chandelier and grind curtains	Credits:	Photo by Victoria Borodinova  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/sofa-chairs-in-living-room-1648776/

Name:	chand-04	Description:	white Chandelier and brown living room	Credits:	Photo by Sharath G  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/interior-design-of-a-living-room-2517507/





# Web Design & Development 1
## E-Comm Webstore: PART 2

### Outline

Read and complete the steps in the following two documents:

- [Content walk through](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Webstore-Part-2-Content-82e34001fca54aac93b7d1e9053a5927)
- [Styling walk through](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Webstore-Part-2-Style-b057567610534569b33fb5bfdb34ce6b)

### Submission

- This project will be uploaded to your personal Github account as a public repository
- Commits must be made prior to the due dates to be considered
- Github Pages must be activated on your site can be viewed live on the web
- The live url must be added to appropriate field of the repository's "About" (top-right)
- Both urls (code, and live) will be collected prior to the first deliverable being due
- See the [project overview](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Project-Webstore-28443f753b344d60b0176a24e14f17c9) for details on submissions, as well as a form

Commit message:

Add reports for lighthouse and validator.w3.org

README.md, after:

# REPORTS
## Lighthouse report
File: LIGHTHOUSE REPORT.JPG, it can be found in img folder.
## Validator.w3.org
File: VALIDATOR.W3.JPG,  it can be found in img folder.
### NOTES:
The report shows 3 warning/errors:
    1. Warning: Consider adding a lang attribute to the html
       Note: The html has defined the laguage attibute.
    2. Error: Non-space characters found without seeing a doctype first. Expected <!DOCTYPE html>.
       Note: The html has defined <!DOCTYPE html>.
    3. Error: Element head is missing a required instance of child element title.
       Note: The html has defined title element.

# SOURCERS
## Knowled sources

Remove outline outline:none;
https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS/outline#result

Styling the "x" cancel search button in Webkit browsers
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20804016/editing-input-type-search-pseudo-element-button-x

Using a background-image for checkbox
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37582952/using-a-background-image-for-checkbox

Display the list when an item hover
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41801034/display-the-list-when-an-item-hover

Multiple borders
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/multiple-borders/


Getting the url parameters inside the html page
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22607150/getting-the-url-parameters-inside-the-html-page


Location search Property
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_loc_search.asp


window.location.search
https://webplatform.github.io/docs/apis/location/search/


Array.prototype.sort()
https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort


How do I split a string, breaking at a particular character?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/96428/how-do-i-split-a-string-breaking-at-a-particular-character


How to pass arguments to addEventListener listener function?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/256754/how-to-pass-arguments-to-addeventlistener-listener-function

Declaring array of objects
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15742442/declaring-array-of-objects/15742476



## Picture credits

Name:	desk-lamp-01	Description:	Two table lamps in a bedroom	Credits:	Photo by Curtis Adams from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-bedroom-3555619/

Name:	desk-lamp-02	Description:	Clear Wine Glass Beside White Table Lamp	Credits:	Photo by cottonbro from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/clear-wine-glass-beside-white-table-lamp-6716221/

Name:	floor-lamp-01	Description:	Floor lamp Beside chair and desk	Credits:	Photo by Francesca Tosolini on Unsplash	URL:	https://unsplash.com/photos/25Gx85b0r94				

Name:	floor-lamp-02	Description:	Floor Lamp Beside Sofa and Window	Credits:	Photo by Vecislavas Popa from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/floor-lamp-beside-sofa-and-window-1571471/				

Name:	wall-lamp-01	Description:	Wall lamp in a modern bright livingroom	Credits:	Photo by Max Vakhtbovych from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/interior-of-studio-with-dining-and-living-zone-near-kitchen-6238683/				

Name:	wall-lamp-02	Description:	Two wall lamps in a bedroom	Credits:	Photo by Pixabay from Pexels 	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/closed-wardrobe-near-on-bed-271643/

Name:	chand-01	Description:	Chandelier in a living room	Credits:	Photo by Houzlook .com from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/living-room-3797991/

Name:	chand-02	Description:	Chandelier and red and brown floral stair carpet	Credits:	Photo by  Pixabay  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-and-brown-floral-stair-carpet-161758/

Name:	floor-lamp-03	Description:	Bedroom interior with lamps near bed and mirror wall	Credits:	Photo by Max Vakhtbovych  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/bedroom-interior-with-lamps-near-bed-and-mirror-wall-6480210/

Name:	floor-lamp-04	Description:	Floor lamp and green sofa	Credits:	Photo by Chait Goli  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-2-seat-sofa-1918291/

Name:	chand-03	Description:	Chandelier and grind curtains	Credits:	Photo by Victoria Borodinova  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/sofa-chairs-in-living-room-1648776/

Name:	chand-04	Description:	white Chandelier and brown living room	Credits:	Photo by Sharath G  from Pexels	URL:	https://www.pexels.com/photo/interior-design-of-a-living-room-2517507/











# Web Design & Development 1
## E-Comm Webstore: PART 2

### Outline

Read and complete the steps in the following two documents:

- [Content walk through](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Webstore-Part-2-Content-82e34001fca54aac93b7d1e9053a5927)
- [Styling walk through](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Webstore-Part-2-Style-b057567610534569b33fb5bfdb34ce6b)

### Submission

- This project will be uploaded to your personal Github account as a public repository
- Commits must be made prior to the due dates to be considered
- Github Pages must be activated on your site can be viewed live on the web
- The live url must be added to appropriate field of the repository's "About" (top-right)
- Both urls (code, and live) will be collected prior to the first deliverable being due
- See the [project overview](https://www.notion.so/juneate/Project-Webstore-28443f753b344d60b0176a24e14f17c9) for details on submissions, as well as a form
